README.md, before:

# node-red-contrib-parquet
Converts between a PARQUET string and its JavaScript object representation, in either direction.

### Installation
It can be installed from the Node-RED palette, or by executing the following command in the Node-RED installation directory:
```sh
npm install @msigrupo-develop/node-red-contrib-parquet
```

### Dependencies
This package depends on the following libraries:
- [parquetjs-lite][1]

### Usage
Read or write mode must be selected.

##### Read mode
It will parse a single Buffer object from a parquet file to its JavaScript object representation. It is intended to be used together with the file reading node.
- A single message per row
- A single message [array]

By default, the output is sent to msg.payload bu it can be configured.
An [example][2] is ready to use.

##### Write mode
It will parse a JavaScript object to a Parqute single Buffer object. It is intended to be used together with the file writting node.
The columns names and types to be processed from the input must be configured. The input must be an array of objects with the names and values of the columns.
The output returns a single Buffer object in msg.payload.
An [example][3] is ready to use.

### Changelog
Changes can be followed [here][4]

### Credits
This project receives funding in the European Commission’s Horizon 2020 Research Programme under Grant Agreement Number 870062

### License
[MIT][5]


[1]:https://www.npmjs.com/package/parquetjs-lite
[2]:https://github.com/msigrupo/node-red-contrib-parquet/blob/master/examples/ReadParquet.json
[3]:https://github.com/msigrupo/node-red-contrib-parquet/blob/master/examples/WriteParquet.json
[4]:https://github.com/msigrupo/node-red-contrib-parquet/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md
[5]:https://github.com/msigrupo/node-red-contrib-parquet/blob/master/LICENCE

Commit message:

feat: ability to add temp directory

README.md, after:

# node-red-contrib-parquet-ctmp
Converts between a PARQUET string and its JavaScript object representation, in either direction.

This repository is a fork of [@msigrupo-develop/node-red-contrib-parquet](https://github.com/msigrupo/node-red-contrib-parquet).

### About This Fork

This fork was created to fix the temp file error when the application is not permitted to write in the default directory. With the changes made her you can change the default directory for the temp files.

## Original Repository

For the original project, please visit [@msigrupo-develop/node-red-contrib-parquet](https://github.com/msigrupo/node-red-contrib-parquet).


### Installation
It can be installed from the Node-RED palette, or by executing the following command in the Node-RED installation directory:
```sh
npm install @oplity/node-red-contrib-parquet-ctmp
```

### Dependencies
This package depends on the following libraries:
- [parquetjs-lite][1]

### Usage
Read or write mode must be selected.

##### Read mode
It will parse a single Buffer object from a parquet file to its JavaScript object representation. It is intended to be used together with the file reading node.
- A single message per row
- A single message [array]

By default, the output is sent to msg.payload bu it can be configured.
An [example][2] is ready to use.

##### Write mode
It will parse a JavaScript object to a Parquet single Buffer object. It is intended to be used together with the file writing node.
The columns names and types to be processed from the input must be configured. The input must be an array of objects with the names and values of the columns.
The output returns a single Buffer object in msg.payload.
An [example][3] is ready to use.

### Changelog
Changes can be followed [here][4]

### Credits
This project receives funding in the European Commission’s Horizon 2020 Research Programme under Grant Agreement Number 870062

### License
[MIT][5]


[1]:https://www.npmjs.com/package/parquetjs-lite
[2]:https://github.com/gaby1271999/node-red-contrib-parquet-ctmp/blob/master/examples/ReadParquet.json
[3]:https://github.com/gaby1271999/node-red-contrib-parquet-ctmp/blob/master/examples/WriteParquet.json
[4]:https://github.com/gaby1271999/node-red-contrib-parquet-ctmp/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md
[5]:https://github.com/gaby1271999/node-red-contrib-parquet-ctmp/blob/master/LICENCE
